doc: Add a new nRF52840 dongle "bare" variant (#23055)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/board_names.rst

  Check the Product Specification of the given SoC for more information about the available CPU clusters.

* :ref:`Variant <zephyr:glossary>` - You can use this board qualifier to build for a particular type or configuration of a build for a combination of SoC and CPU cluster.

>   In the |NCS|, variants are used for the following purposes:
> 
>   * Changing the default memory map, which applies to the entry for the nRF52840 Dongle with ``*/bare`` (``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840/bare``) - When you choose this target, the firmware will not account for the onboard USB bootloader.
>      This corresponds to using the :ref:`flashing option 3 using an external debug probe <zephyr:nrf52840dongle>` for the dongle.
>   * Indicating the usage of Cortex-M Security Extensions (CMSE) (security by separation):
>     
>     * Entries without ``*/ns`` (for example, ``cpuapp``) - When you choose this target, you build the application core firmware as a single execution environment that does not use CMSE (:ref:`Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) <ug_tfm>`).
>     * Entries with ``*/ns`` (for example, ``cpuapp/ns``) - Recommended for more security.
>        When you choose this target, you build the application with CMSE using security by separation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the |NCS|, board variants are used for the following purposes:

* Changing the default memory map:  
  This applies to the entry for the nRF52840 Dongle with the ``*/bare`` variant (``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840/bare``).  
  When you select this target, the firmware does not account for the onboard USB bootloader.  
  This corresponds to using :ref:`flashing option 3 with an external debug probe <zephyr:nrf52840dongle>`.

* Indicating the use of Cortex-M Security Extensions (CMSE), also known as security by separation: 

  * Variants without ``*/ns`` (for example, ``cpuapp``):  
    When you select this target, you build the application core firmware as a single execution environment without CMSE.  
    See :ref:`Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) <ug_tfm>` for more information.

  * Variants with ``*/ns`` (for example, ``cpuapp/ns``):  
    Recommended for enhanced security.  
    When you select this target, you build the application with CMSE enabled, using security by separation.
```

Reviewer 2: @tomchy , I approve edit from Francesco.

>        When you choose this target, you build the application with CMSE using security by separation.
>     The application core firmware is placed in Non-Secure Processing Environment (NSPE) and uses Secure Processing Environment (SPE) for security features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       When you choose this target, you build the application with CMSE using security by separation.
       
    The application core firmware is placed in Non-Secure Processing Environment (NSPE) and uses Secure Processing Environment (SPE) for security features.
```

  Check the Product Specification of the given SoC for more information about the available CPU clusters.

* :ref:`Variant <zephyr:glossary>` - You can use this board qualifier to build for a particular type or configuration of a build for a combination of SoC and CPU cluster.

>   In the |NCS|, variants are used for changing the default memory map as well as indicating the usage of Cortex-M Security Extensions (CMSE) (security by separation):
> 
>   * Entry ``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840/bare`` - When you choose this target, the firmware will not account for the onboard USB bootloader (see :ref:`zephyr_board_nrf52840dongle_flashing-option-3` for more details).
>   * Entries without ``*/ns`` (for example, ``cpuapp``) - When you choose this target, you build the application core firmware as a single execution environment that does not use CMSE (:ref:`Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) <ug_tfm>`).
>   * Entries with ``*/ns`` (for example, ``cpuapp/ns``) - Recommended for more security.
>     When you choose this target, you build the application with CMSE using security by separation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In the |NCS|, variants are used for the following purposes: as well as :

  * Changing the default memory map, which applies to the entry for the nRF52840 Dongle with ``*/bare`` (``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840/bare``) - When you choose this target, the firmware will not account for the onboard USB bootloader.
     This corresponds to using the :ref:`flashing option 3 using an external debug probe <zephyr:nrf52840dongle>` for the dongle.
  * Indicating the usage of Cortex-M Security Extensions (CMSE) (security by separation):
    
    * Entries without ``*/ns`` (for example, ``cpuapp``) - When you choose this target, you build the application core firmware as a single execution environment that does not use CMSE (:ref:`Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) <ug_tfm>`).
    * Entries with ``*/ns`` (for example, ``cpuapp/ns``) - Recommended for more security.
       When you choose this target, you build the application with CMSE using security by separation.
```
+ indent lines 55 and 56 to match the last line here, and line 58 to match "Indicating the usage ..."

|                   |            | :ref:`nrf52840dk <zephyr:nrf52840dk_nrf52811>`      | ``nrf52840dk/nrf52811``                                               |
+-------------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| nRF52840 Dongle   | PCA10059   | :zephyr:board:`nrf52840dongle <nrf52840dongle>`     | ``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840``                                           |
|                   |            |                                                     |                                                                       |

> |                   |            |                                                     | ``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840/bare`` (without nRF5 SDK bootloader)        |

Reviewer 2: You need to edit lines 48-61 in this file given this new variant. Please check chat for more details of what needs changing.

|                   |            | :ref:`nrf52840dk <zephyr:nrf52840dk_nrf52811>`      | ``nrf52840dk/nrf52811``                                               |
+-------------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| nRF52840 Dongle   | PCA10059   | :zephyr:board:`nrf52840dongle <nrf52840dongle>`     | ``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840``                                           |
|                   |            |                                                     |                                                                       |

> |                   |            |                                                     | ``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840/bare`` (without onboard USB bootloader)     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                   |            |                                                     | ``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840/bare``     |
```
I think we can skip this here, as it is explained above.
